established in 1954 and now with over
200 branches in the UK we provide a
superb range of new and nearly new cars
for example this Nissan Note 1.5 DCI a
centre premium the Nissan a centre
premium features chrome finishing around
the daytime running lights rear privacy
glass and body coloured door handles and
Miller's all new notes come with nasaan
being here 60,000 mile manufacturer
warranty 12 years anti-corrosion
warranties and three years Nissan
European route side assistance this
essential premium model features a gloss
black center console with a
nissanconnect 5.8 inch touch screen for
your navigation and entertainment system
it also has climate control standard
features include 15 inch alloy wheels
Bluetooth cruise control Eco Drive idle
start/stop technology and storage
options including 2 glove boxes
the back of the note is deceptively
spacious it has plenty of headroom and
legroom it also has a rear sliding bench
seat with ice packs like standard safety
features of the notes include ABS EBD
automatic headlights and white bars
traction control and six airbags the
boot of the Nissan Note has a capacity
of 325 litres which increases to 411
with the rear seat bench move forward
when you fold the 60/40 rear seats the
capacity increases to over 1400 liters
the Nissan Note 1.5 DC is enter premium
has an impressive combined fuel
consumption of 78 point five miles per
gallon which means that you can travel
almost seven hundred and ten miles on
one tank of fuel and the road tax for
this car is completely free if you would
like to know more about the Nissan Note
or to arrange a test drive
click inquire now at Arnold Clark calm